OK so let's start building this for the first component which is going to be the main entry of the application.
So I just have the index not just that it's calling the app inside computer components.
So I'm just rendering Hello world.
I'm going to do NPM start so we can at least get the hello world right here and in the meantime I'm
just going to just ride some things I'm going to go over here.
Oh it's just something he's already I'm running running on port three thousand it's because I have the
finished project right here.
So I'm going to say yes and it's going to do the same thing but it's going to just run the project inside
the three years you want the next.
Then export.
Right.
So hopefully we're going to get the hello world and we do Burguet.
So OK so the first thing we need to do is to create the routes for this.
We're going to have just three routes.
It's going to be home and then we're going to have teams and whenever we can a team is going to take
us to the description.
Right.
That's good.
So let's go back to home.
So we're going to have three different routes.
First we need to import routes and router and routes.
So I'm going to say import than do destructuring it's going to be browser router right.
That's the first thing that we need to import route and everything is going to be imported import ups
from.
And then just react broader dumb re-act router.
Don't forget.
So from the start we can have a few components.
So I'm going to say components and begin to have a header right here whenever the the application loads.
We have a header right here.
We're going to have to have a future of course.
And then we're going to have home.
OK so this is the first round.
So I'm going to go just right had an import.
However we didn't have it yet.
But anyways so we can say import Hetter from are we going to say Dot for Slash and hetter Let's get
we're going to have a future.
So I'm going to say import footer
from and then just footer dot force lounge and footer Breguet just like a regular web page and we're
going to have the home I'm going to say import home from dawn to force Nash home.
Burguet So what we need to do right now is to create the rounds.
So I'm going to go right here and just delete the hello world and inside the return we're going to start
with browser router to open close.
You can rub everything inside a div OK and inside of it start building the router for this.
First we're going to have the header.
Of course you're going to get an error but it doesn't matter.
We're going to just add something to the header right now.
So I'm going to say Hetter.
All right.
The next one is going to be the first route which is going to be the one that just closed.
That's the first route is going to be the home so we can say route and then we can have the exact because
it's going to be just home and we can do path.
And this one is going to be equal to four slash the component that begin to use for home.
It's going to be homes.
I'm going to say component calls and then just home well there we go.
OK.
This is the first round we're going to have the teams roud and the and the.
And then the team idea about they can begin to do it later.
And just after this we can have a footer.
So I'm going to say footer there we go OK.
So now if I go here of course you get a nerd because we didn't have a letter and we didn't have a footer.
Let's get.
So let's create a header and footer right now so we can skip that our message going to go to components
and I'm going to create a new file and it's going to be Hetter dot J.S. and I'm going to create a footer
new file footer that has Burguet.
So right from the start the header.
Well we don't need unity state inside the header so we just need to import just react and create a stateless
component.
So I'm going to go right here at the top.
I'm going to copy this and paste it right here and remove the components cause it and I hate it.
We have to import re-act from Riyadh.
Let's get.
So we're going to use link because whenever we go to the actual project instead here we have two links.
So we need to import link from reac router.
I'm going to say link and then from re-act router.
Don Burguet going to go right here and begin to create a function to render the header.
So I'm going to say Kunst header and this one is going to be equal to something we had.
We didn't have any arguments.
So we're going to go right here and just return a letter and I say return and begin to have a header
header and right here which is going to return a div that's going to say headers.
So we can make sure that it's importing the file correctly.
So OK we have this component and we need to make this components available from other components.
So we say export default and then just had her there go.
Now let's do the same thing with the footer since it's pretty much same logic.
I'm just going to copy all go to footer paste it right here.
Just called footer.
Going to change the export and right here I'm going to say footer.
All right.
Let's go to the main project.
Let's reload the page and.
OK I cannot resolve no that's good because we didn't have a home so we can go to component's right here
to components and we can create a new file that is going to be home.
That is good.
OK.
This home that Jay asked is going to do a lot a lot of things.
So this home is going to be a class based component.
So OK so I'm going to go right here to app and copy that react and components so that we can save some
time.
Just going to be at home I get to have react and components.
Now I'm going to just create the class and return something so we can skip this error message.
So it's going to be a class and the class is going to be called home.
It's going to extend the re-act component and then we just do all the logic right here.
So for the for class of class based component we need to render to use the render method.
So I can say render than open close and just return some GSX.
So it's going to be you return.
And then just home or whatever.
So we need to make this class available from other components.
So I'm going to say export default.
And then how.
All right.
So right here whenever the pitch loads we have just three things we have the header.
So it's working.
We have home.
So that's working and we have the footer.
So OK let's start building the first component beginning.
We're going to bring the header right now on the next section and we're going to start doing the main
banner.